update Community section and other fixes (#100)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: README.md

   kubectl cluster-info
   ```

5. Install `chaos-mesh` on `kind` kubernetes cluster as suggested in [Install Chaos Mesh](#install-chaos-mesh).

#### Deploy with `minikube`

> 1. Start a `minikube` kubernetes cluster. Make sure you have installed [minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/), and run the script below to start a local `minikube` cluster

Author: ```suggestion
1. Start a `minikube` kubernetes cluster. Make sure you have installed [minikube](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/).
```

   kubectl -n kube-system get pods -l app=helm
   ```

> 4. Install `chaos-mesh` on `minikube` kubernetes cluster as suggested in [Install Chaos Mesh](#install-chaos-mesh).

Reviewer: Suggest keeping the expressions of this line consistent with that of Line 114~

### Define chaos experiment config file

> The chaos experiement configuration is defined in a .yaml file. The following sample file (`pod-kill-example.yaml`) defines a chaos experiment to kill one tikv pod randomly:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chaos experiement configuration is defined in a .yaml file. The following sample file (`pod-kill-example.yaml`) defines a chaos experiment to kill one tikv pod randomly every 60 seconds:
```

  namespace: chaos-testing
spec:
  action: pod-failure # the specific chaos action to inject; supported actions: pod-kill/pod-failure
  mode: one # the mode to run chaos action; supported modes are one/all/fixed/fixed-percent/random-max-percent
  duration: "60s" # duration for the injected chaos experiment
  selector: # pods where to inject chaos actions
    namespaces:

>       - tidb-cluster-demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - tidb-cluster-demo  # the namespace of the TiDB cluster you've deployed 
```

>       - tidb-cluster-demo  # the namespace of the TiDB cluster you've deployed 

Author: ```suggestion
      - tidb-cluster-demo  # the namespace of the system under test (SUT) you've deployed 
```

    labelSelectors:

>       "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv"

Author: ```suggestion
      "app.kubernetes.io/component": "tikv" # the label of the pod for chaos injection
```

kubectl delete -f pod-failure-example.yaml
```

#### Watch your chaos experiments in Dashboard

Chaos Dashboard is currently only available for TiDB clusters. Stay tuned for more supports or join us in making it happen.

> **Note:**
>

> > If Chaos Dashboard wasn't installed in your Chaos Mesh in your earlier, you need to install it by upgrading Chaos Mesh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If Chaos Dashboard is not installed when you install Chaos Mesh earlier, you need to install it by upgrading Chaos Mesh:
```

Then you can access [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080) in browser.

## Community

Please reach out for bugs, feature requests, and other issues via:

> - The #chaos-mesh channel in the [tidbcommunity](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack) slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The #chaos-mesh channel in the [TiDB Community](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack) slack workspace.
```
